feat(guide): added additional modal components (#11511)
discordjs/discord.js: apps/guide/content/docs/legacy/interactions/modals.mdx

<Callout>
	Empty text input submissions return an empty string `""`. Select menus without a selection return an empty array `[]`.
</Callout>

## Additional Modal Components

### Radio Group

> Radio Group is an interactive component for selecting one option from a list of up to ten options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio groups are an interactive component for selecting one option from a list of up to ten options.
```

> <Callout>Radio Groups require two options to be sent</Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout>Radio groups require atleast two options to be sent</Callout>
```

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		// Create the modal
		const modal = new ModalBuilder().setCustomId('myModal').setTitle('My Modal');

		// [!code focus:12]
		// [!code ++:9]
		const radioGroupLabel = new LabelBuilder().setLabel('Radio Group').setRadioGroupComponent((radioGroup) =>
			radioGroup.setCustomId('checkboxes').addOptions([
				{ label: 'Option 1', value: 'option_1', description: 'The first option' },
				{ label: 'Option 2', value: 'option_2', description: 'The default option', default: true },
				{ label: 'Option 3', value: 'option_3' },
			]),
		);

		// Add components to modal
		// [!code ++:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel);

		// Show modal to the user
		await interaction.showModal(modal);
	}
});
```

#### Radio Group properties

A Radio Group component can be customized to apply validation via the following `RadioGroupBuilder` methods:

```js

> const radioGroupLabel = new FileUploadBuilder()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const radioGroup = new RadioGroupBuilder()
```

	// Set the optional identifier for component
	.setId(1)
	// Require a option to be selected in this component (defaults to true)
	.setRequired(true);
```

### Checkbox Group

> Checkbox Group is an interactive component for selecting one to ten options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkbox groups are an interactive component for selecting up to ten options.
```

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		// Create the modal
		const modal = new ModalBuilder().setCustomId('myModal').setTitle('My Modal');

		// ...

		// [!code focus:13]
		// [!code ++:9]

> 		const checkBoxesLabel = new LabelBuilder().setLabel('CheckBox Group').setCheckboxGroupComponent((checkBoxes) =>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		const checkboxGroupLabel = new LabelBuilder().setLabel('Checkbox Group').setCheckboxGroupComponent((checkboxes) =>
```

			checkboxes.setCustomId('checkboxes').addOptions([
				{ label: 'Option A', value: 'option_a', description: 'The first option' },
				{ label: 'Option B', value: 'option_b', description: 'The default option', default: true },
				{ label: 'Option C', value: 'option_c' },
			]),
		);

		// Add components to modal
		// [!code --:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel);
		// [!code ++:1]

> 		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkBoxesLabel);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkboxGroupLabel);
```

		// Show modal to the user
		await interaction.showModal(modal);
	}
});
```

#### Checkbox Group properties

A Checkbox Group component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckBoxGroupBuilder` methods:

```js

> const checkBoxesLabel = new CheckboxGroupBuilder()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const checkboxes = new CheckboxGroupBuilder()
```

	// Set the optional identifier for component
	.setId(1)
	// Minimum number of boxes that must be checked (defaults to 1); min 0, max 10
	.setMinValues(1)
	// Maximum number of boxes that can be checked (defaults to 1); max 10
	.setMaxValues(1)
	// Require a box to be check in this component (defaults to true)
	.setRequired(true);
```

### Checkbox

Checkbox is a single interactive component for simple yes/no style questions.

<Callout>
	Checkbox components can not be required. If a checkbox is to be required a Checkbox Group component needs to be used
	instead.
</Callout>

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		// Create the modal
		const modal = new ModalBuilder().setCustomId('myModal').setTitle('My Modal');

		// ...

		// [!code focus:7]
		// [!code ++:3]

> 		const checkBoxLabel = new LabelBuilder()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		const checkboxLabel = new LabelBuilder()
```

			.setLabel('Did you enjoy this modal?')
			.setCheckboxComponent((checkbox) => checkbox.setCustomId('checkbox'));

		// Add components to modal
		// [!code --:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkBoxesLabel);
		// [!code ++:1]

> 		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkBoxesLabel, checkBoxLabel);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkboxGroupLabel, checkboxLabel);
```

		// Show modal to the user
		await interaction.showModal(modal);
	}
});
```

#### Checkbox properties

> A Checkbox component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckBoxGroupBuilder` method:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Checkbox component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckBoxBuilder` method:
```

```js

> const checkBoxesLabel = new CheckboxBuilder()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const checkbox = new CheckboxBuilder()
```

	// Set the optional identifier for component
	.setId(1);
```

### Receiving Additional Modal Components

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isModalSubmit()) return;
	if (interaction.customId === 'myModal') {
		await interaction.reply({ content: 'Your submission was received successfully!' });

		// [!code focus:4]
		// Get the data entered by the user
		const radioGroup = interaction.fields.getRadioGroup('radiogroup');

> 		const checkBoxes = interaction.fields.getCheckboxGroup('checkboxes');

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		const checkboxes = interaction.fields.getCheckboxGroup('checkboxes');
```

		const checkbox = interaction.fields.getCheckbox('checkbox');

		console.log({ radioGroup, checkboxes, checkbox });
	}
});

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Unnecessary line before codeblock end.

> 		console.log({ radioGroup, checkBoxes, checkbox });

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		console.log({ radioGroup, checkboxes, checkbox });
```

	// Require an option to be selected in this component (defaults to true)
	.setRequired(true);
```

### Checkbox Group

Checkbox groups are an interactive component for selecting up to ten options.

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		// Create the modal
		const modal = new ModalBuilder().setCustomId('myModal').setTitle('My Modal');

		// ...

		// [!code focus:11]
		// [!code ++:7]
		const checkboxGroupLabel = new LabelBuilder().setLabel('Checkbox Group').setCheckboxGroupComponent((checkboxes) =>
			checkboxes.setCustomId('checkboxes').addOptions([
				{ label: 'Option A', value: 'option_a', description: 'The first option' },
				{ label: 'Option B', value: 'option_b', description: 'The default option', default: true },
				{ label: 'Option C', value: 'option_c' },
			]),
		);

		// Add components to modal
		// [!code --:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel);
		// [!code ++:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkboxGroupLabel);

		// Show modal to the user
		await interaction.showModal(modal);
	}
});
```

#### Checkbox Group properties

> A Checkbox Group component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckBoxGroupBuilder` methods:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A Checkbox Group component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckboxGroupBuilder` methods:
```

```js
const checkboxes = new CheckboxGroupBuilder()
	// Set the optional identifier for component
	.setId(1)
	// Minimum number of boxes that must be checked (defaults to 1); min 0, max 10
	.setMinValues(1)
	// Maximum number of boxes that can be checked (defaults to 1); max 10
	.setMaxValues(1)
	// Require a box to be checked in this component (defaults to true)
	.setRequired(true);
```

### Checkbox

Checkbox is a single interactive component for simple yes/no style questions.

<Callout>
	Checkbox components can not be required. If a checkbox is to be required a Checkbox Group component needs to be used
	instead.
</Callout>

```js
client.on(Events.InteractionCreate, async (interaction) => {
	if (!interaction.isChatInputCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		// Create the modal
		const modal = new ModalBuilder().setCustomId('myModal').setTitle('My Modal');

		// ...

		// [!code focus:7]
		// [!code ++:3]
		const checkboxLabel = new LabelBuilder()
			.setLabel('Did you enjoy this modal?')
			.setCheckboxComponent((checkbox) => checkbox.setCustomId('checkbox'));

		// Add components to modal
		// [!code --:1]

> 		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkBoxesLabel);

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkboxGroupLabel);
```

		// [!code ++:1]
		modal.addLabelComponents(radioGroupLabel, checkboxGroupLabel, checkboxLabel);

		// Show modal to the user
		await interaction.showModal(modal);
	}
});
```

#### Checkbox properties

> A Checkbox component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckBoxBuilder` method:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A Checkbox component can be customized to apply validation via the following `CheckboxBuilder` method:
```
